
DONE
maybe make a the bot display messages when a user requests a song that doesnt exist in the library like
"Song not found in Library
Downloading...
Converting...
Complete"
and then it will queue it up


MAKE A DOWNLOADING PROGRESS BAR FOR WHEN ytdlp is downloading a song from teh search command
MAKE ACTIVE PLAYER BUTTONS TO SKIP 1 minute of the song, as well as 10 minutes


make live player title wrap its text up to the length of the player

done.
Have Jukebox always showing 20 buttons when selecting songs.
- If list has less than 20 songs, gray out and disable useless buttons



Create a Song Request Log / Song History


have bot only allow interaction from members with a certain role

	
	
Make the local match weak message ephemeral

!!!!!!!!!!!!
When selecting a video form the youtube results it sometimes says This interaction failed
and the window doesnt disappear, probably trying to be deleted too fast



-needs more testing to try and reproduce
When a song ends (or the last song in the queue id assume too) the player gets 'stuck'
on showing the last song as if it was still playng the song, the player updates every 5 seconds
so if the song ends during those 5 seconds the player 'freezes' a snapshot but the song ends.



FEATURE CONSIDERATIONS
	if the user inserts a playlist link on Add a Song, and doesnt see or pick between Just a Song
		or the entire playlist, to play just the song they selected
		(current bot interaction plays nothing if the user didnt pick anything after 30 seconds)

Consider making the buttons next to the song list instead of below it.
Maybe each button would have the song's title in it, pressing it, would alter
the state of the button, pressing it again will dequeue the song 
(if its in the queue, if i recall correctly when a song is actively playing its removed from the queue)

code that is supposed to delete the ✅ Queued: Bagasas [YD0CWJE7gQQ]" message deletes the Library
instead, go make the ✅ Queued: Bagasas [YD0CWJE7gQQ] in to a msg = and delete the message instead


make music line 300  and 296 and other ctx messages ephemeral

remove the !cancel command for when the player
bulk downloads (ex. playlist) have 2 buttons, 1 that stops the download an saves the songs
and another that stops the download and deletes the items it just downloaded. (for when the user
started downloading a playlist and they realize its the wrong one or something)

have a check for when a playlist tries to be created with the same name as an existing one
so that it gets appropriately renamed..

maybe teh

can we made the youtube choices and the library maybe pop up in a modal like Add a Song does?
i think not but we'll see



there is an intersting bug that happened seemingly randomly
where while the player was playing songs near constantly
i noticed another player pop up, the previous player remained
it was still functional, it stopped updating (like the new songs
playing and the moving dot for the song duration) but all its
buttons kept working fine, even clicking the top ghost player's
buttons the code correctly updated the bottom active players..